fix: adjust build_statistics for no distribution grid (#634)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

* Fix flows in balance maps (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/608).

> * Adjust build_statistics for compatibility with not modelling electricity_distribution grid with low voltage buses (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/634).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adjust ``build_statistics`` to be compatible with not modelling the electricity distribution grid with low voltage buses (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/634).
```
